# Vision Statement 
Through the use of Unity by the end of the year me and my team wish to achieve the minimum product that would allow players to have fun in our chess and risk-like game. The minimum product would include having a map (possibly multiple maps for players to choose from), and chess pieces that would represent the players' armies which would be created by our UI/UX designers and our frontend engineers. We would also be using JavaScript for the scripts of the game that would make the interactions possible between the players of our game such as the attack and conquering functions. In addition, to the features we visualize players will be able to create lobbies and set up settings of the game such as how many chess pieces can be placed in each territory (the default will be 2 pieces). By the end of the game when there are two players left we plan to implement a feature where when there is only two players left the final battle would activate taking the place of a chessboard and players will have their leftover troops converted into resources that they can use to buy powerups such as additional chess pieces or abilities like a firewall that blocks a piece for a turn. Due to this being a new feature that we would be adding to our game, we will also need to find and create additional data that we can use in our game which will be covered by our backend engineers. Furthermore, our backend engineers will be responsible for making the mathematical values for the chess pieces that will be implemented into the game as well as the conversion from troops to resources. They will also be the ones responsible for making the chess game function correctly. Our frontend engineer will focus on making the menu screens and the overall display of the gameplay such as how the abilities could look during the final chess battle. These will be the minimum product that we wish to achieve by the end of the year, however, if possible we do want to add some additional features that would make the game more overall convenient for the players.
# Roles
*Product Manager: Kevin Li, KodingKevin, https://codermerlin.academy/users/kevin-li/Digital%20Portfolio/index.html
*Release Manager: Benjamin Haines, Neb-Seniah, https://codermerlin.academy/users/benjamin-haines/Digital%20Portfolio/index.html

